(Toneri)
The comet has entered the
constellation of Cancer. The
destiny of the stars...
The time for the
harvest is near.
And as I thought, he's the key.
♪♪
[movie playing]
[screams]
[munching popcorn]
(on screen Gangster)
[sinister laugh]
No one's comin' to save you.
It's okay. I'm gonna save
you, no matter what happens.
Just trust me, okay?
[crying]
(Gangster)
Enough! Shut up, you damn brat!
[glass shatters]
The wind carries the
cries of the weak.
My eye throbs, imploring me
to protect the powerless.
Just who the
hell are you!?
I am the ninja Evil
Jammer Kagemasa.
What?! Kagemasa?!
Liar! Kagemasa is long dead!
Heh. That was merely a part
of my evil eye's power.
What?
Hey, kid! If you want someone to
trust in what you're trying to
do, there's only one option for
you...
There is...? What is it?
That's enough!
Kill this guy!
[attack grunts]
Th‐ The evil eye...?!
Prove your words
with your actions!
[attack grunts]
[grunt]
[happy giggle]
My eye binds everything and
destroys the evil it sees.
Also, it's a benevolent
eye that spares hostages.
[gasps]
(Narrator)
The ninja Kagemasa...
People call him a hero...
But he lives in the shadows of
history and continues to fight.
all the while, keeping his
true identity hidden!
(Denki)
Wasn't Kagemasa amazing?
Yeah. You can learn a
lot from his taijutsu.
What, really? Didn't you
think it was kinda skimpy?
Skimpy?! What exactly didn't
you like about it, then, Boruto?
Well, mostly Kagemasa himself!
But also, why does it even
matter if people trust you
or not?
And besides, the guy was just
weak. What could he really do
to help anybody?
It was just so unbelievable.
Heh! And yet, you couldn't
even take your eyes off him!
No! I agree! In reality, a
ninja's life isn't that easy.
Look at Lord Hokage‐‐!
You guys only know about
my Dad's good side.
So is Lord Hokage totally cool
like the ninja in that movie?
Huh?
I mean, he was a hero during
the Great Ninja War, right?
So he must be really cool and
together when he's at home.
Nope. My Dad isn't
anything close to that.
He oversleeps... he puts on his
shoes the wrong way... I mean
who does that!?
He's nothing like that guy!
(Denki)
Whaaat?
Like the other day, Mom
told me to take him a
change of clothes...
Oh, hey, it's you...
You can just... leave
all that there. Argh!
[sigh] He's really uncool.
Lord Hokage...?!
Isn't that always the way?
It just doesn't usually
work out that the
hero's cool in real life.
Aw, man.
(Shikadai)
I get where Iwabe's coming
from about cool ninja...
...but real life just
isn't like that.
If the enemy just appeared
right in front of us like
the movies, it'd be easy.
[sigh] Well, I guess we'll just
have to hang in there...
Until we know what's really
going on, we should stay quiet.
And besides, you're the only
one who can see that shadow.
Seems like the problem
is spreading.
Yeah. It's starting to happen
outside the Academy now.
You think it's okay that we're
looking into it by ourselves?
Who knows? But if you're worried
about it, talk to Lord Hokage.
[groan]
I can't, ya know! I just don't
wanna depend on Dad and his
friends!
All right, fine. But do you
have any idea how to find out
what or where that shadow is?
[gasp]
I'm happy to help you,
but we've gotta figure
out what we need to do.
See ya!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
I say that four heads
are better than one!
Now, let's try to figure out
just what's been going on.
First, there was
that incident with Denki.
It was the morning of the
entrance ceremony, and I saw
that shadow around him, so I
followed him.
And then... The train went out
of control. That was a really
close call!
(Clone)
You're way too rough on us
clones, you know that?!
(Boruto)
I couldn't help it! There
wasn't any other way!
[grunts]
Didn't Denki's shadow disappear
after you guys talked?
That's what happened,
all right...
But with Metal, you
had to knock him out.
And it was the same with that
delinquent and the repairman!
But with that guy Magire, it was
just the same as what happened
with Denki.
Does that mean those guys were
different from Metal somehow?
Doubt it. They started acting
weird after the shadow
possessed them, too.
But with metal and the others,
knocking them out or some kind
of impact is what worked.
But all of them acted weird
and violent, like the shadow
affected their emotions.
[groaning]
Plus, judging by how even Shino
Sensei became possessed, it
doesn't seem to matter if
someone is skilled or not.
I'm just glad Mitsuki was
around when that happened!
Do you think that shadow
could be chakra?
I dunno. But for a moment, you
saw something that looked like
a monster, right?
Yeah, I thought I did. And
chakra doesn't actually do
stuff like that.
But the fact is that after the
shadow disappears, so does the
chakra.
[groan]
Hmm.
So, how come I'm the only
one who can see it, then?!
Uh...
A hallucination?
Why would I be
hallucinating, ya know?!
Calm down there's
no proof of that!
Yeah, I know, you saw
it clearly, so it
must've been real.
Aw man, this is so
confusing! We can't
solve this by ourselves!
Maybe we should talk to Dad?
What, at this point?
That's so uncool!
Well, "at this point"
is where we are...
I don't want to just leave this
to Dad and all the Sensei.
This is about Denki
and the others.
I can't forgive anybody
who would do that to them.
Yeah, that's true.
But if I tell Dad about all
this, he'll just say that we're
kids and tell us to stay out of
it.
And I don't want that!
I wanna make whoever did this to
my friends pay! And I wanna do
it with my own hands!
Yeah! That's for sure!
That's all the more reason why
we have to find out why we're
the only ones who can see it.
[groan]
Humph.
Uh!
Your mom's like a princess
from the Hyuga Clan, right?
So maybe you just
awakened that "thing..."
The Byakugan, huh.
(Mitsuki)
The Byakugan. One of the
three great Visual Jutsu.
[freaked out shouts]
Passed down through only the
Hyuga Clan, called the
strongest in the Leaf.
the eye that sees through all.
How long have you been there?!
For this whole time. Judging by
your look, I guess you suspected
that.
Uh, yeah, I guess
I did...
Why not talk to her? Go and ask
your mom about the Byakugan.
[groan]
Are you afraid?
Yeah, kinda.
But you seem like
you're at a loss.
Ultimately, I don't think this
will go anywhere until you learn
more about the Byakugan.
[sigh] [chew]
Yeah, I guess that
I'll have to ask...
Except... If this eye isn't the
Byakugan and I'm wrong about it.
So is this eye actually
the Byakugan?
Does it really possess
that kind of power?
Where am I...?
[gasp]
(Toneri)
I'm talking to you
through your dream.
[gasp]
A dream? But who are you?
Boruto Uzumaki.The eye you
possess is a star of hope
against the approaching
destruction.
What?
The power of hope
slumbers deep within you.
You mean in this eye?!
And with that eye, you will
shoulder the fate of this world
[gasp]
My hope is that your eye will
guide you to the light which
will dispel darkness.
[sleepy groan]
A dream?
[gasp]
No way@
(Boruto)
Whoa! Seriously?! For real?!
Hm?
Awesome! That actually
happened!
Wow, so cool! I can't believe
the fate of the world is on my
shoulders!
What're you doing,
Big Brother.?
Huh?
Hi, Himawari.
Uhh... huh?
My destiny was revealed in a
pearl‐grey colored nightmare.
Um, Pearl‐grey what now?
The stirring in the starry
sky chased off the demons
in my heart.
No one can escape my Byakugan,
the eye that unravels lies! You
know?
[gasp]
So that's it. And we're
investigating the places Shino
visited and the people he came
into contact with before
he started acting strangely.
Hm...
Anyway, there are other cases,
too, involving people acting
strange near the Academy.
There were signs that something
unnatural had transpired with
their chakra.
And all of this occurred
with Boruto nearby?
As far as we can determine.
Who do you think the
target could be?
Who knows? We can't say it's
just coincidence
but also don't know of a motive
for targeting Boruto.
Hm. So you don't think that
this is about going after
the Hokage's son, then?
That would be a
roundabout way to do it.
Besides, he was just
being nosy each time.
Yeah, that sounds exactly like
something that he'd do.
Anyway, I'll warn him.
Listen, don't let it become a
drag. Just go easy on the kid.
Yeah, all right. I'll do that.
Anyway, let's just keep going‐
[groan]
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah, sorry.
You've been working too hard. Go
home and get some rest before it
becomes a drag.
[sigh]
I'm home.
Hey! Welcome back. Oh,
Shikamaru, thanks for
walking him home.
No problem! I'm going now.
You let your husband rest up.
Thanks for looking out for him.
(Boruto)
[excited yell]
Hm? What's that?
Boruto's been... acting
kinda strange.
[footsteps]
Huh?
I'm brighter than the light
descending from the sky!
Darkness more
dazzling than light.
I will envelop the world in
darkness.
that's nearly lethal and
intoxicating.
Infinitely ingenious and
elegant, too that is my truth.
Please forgive me, Goddess
of Destiny.
Daddy...!
He's acting really weird...
Yeah, it sure seems that way.
Now it's time...
...for genesis!
Huh?
Heh heh! Dad! Guess what? I
awakened an awesome power!
"Awakened an awesome power?"
What do you mean by that?
[gasp] Wait a minute, Boruto!
You didn't steal the Scroll of
Sealing or something like that,
right?
[gasps]
Scroll of what? What's that?
It's a scroll that contains
Forbidden Ninjutsu.
And naturally, since they're
forbidden, all of them are
very dangerous jutsu.
Never heard of it before.
What's it got to do with me?
Well, you see, a long time ago
there was someone who wanted
power fast
and so he stole the
Scroll of Sealing.
What?! That's horrible!
Look, don't lump me
with a guy like that!
Uh, yeah, you're right.
That guy was absolutely
inexcusable!
(Naruto)
S‐Sorry. Forget what I
said just now, okay?
[giggling]
Anyway, you said you'd awakened
this "awesome power." So, what
is it?
It's the Byakugan.
What!? Ordinarily, the Byakugan
requires intense training before
one can manifest it.
Oh. Is that really true?
Well, then, I guess that...
I must really be a genius!
Could it...?
What is it, Dad? What's wrong?
Like Shikamaru just told you,
you need a lot of training
before you can use the Byakugan.
And to be honest, there's
something that I know better
than anyone else...
you haven't gone through
that kind of training.
What's that mean?
Are you trying to say that I'm
just lying about this?
No, I'm not. There are cases
like Himawari who've awakened
it out of the blue.
So we can't simply write off
what you're saying. But, then
again...
I see... So in other words, you
just don't trust me, is that it?
At the very least, there
has to be some proof.
But I can see it!
...Boruto... Please, Boruto...
It's pointless to argue about
this here.
You have to go and talk
to your grandfather.
I'll contact him.
I'm sure your grandfather will
be able to tell if it's really
the Byakugan or not.
I'll go to see Grandpa or
anyone else, anywhere!
[slurp]
I bet... that he's probably
talking to him right about
now...
Anyway, I'm gonna go and
talk to my Grandpa about it.
You just sit tight and
wait for the good news!
I'll get proof that my
Byakugan's real, and I'll make
my dad eat his words.
Hm!
With the Byakugan, you can see
the flow of chakra, can't you?
Yeah. I've heard that in
battle, you can also tell how
your opponent's gonna move
and you can even
see through walls.
It'll be amazing if
it's really the Byakugan.
[freaked out] Will you quit
doing that, already?
Aw, man. I really can't deal
with this place.
What is it that you
can't deal with?
[groan]
Come here, you! I'm
so glad you, Boruto!
Grandpa! Grandpa!
Come give me a hug, Himawari!
I'm so happy to see you!
Uh, Grandpa, come on!
I'm so glad you're here.
Father.
[sigh]
It sure has been a
while, Father...Hanabi.
You just saw what Father's like.
There's no need to stand on
formalities, Lord Hokage.
Hey, there, you two!
It's me! Your big sis!
[chuckle]
Kenkenpa kenpa kenpa!
I'm glad that you came to me.
This is about the
Byakugan, isn't it?
Grandpa, I think... I've been
able to awaken my Byakugan,
ya know!
First, let me explain something.
The Byakugan's a Kekkei Genkai,
passed through the Hyuga Clan.
As I'm sure you know, it's one
of the special ninjutsu that
only those with Hyuga blood are
able to inherit.
However, not every member of the
Hyuga Clan can awaken it.
And even then, not everyone who
awakens it is able to master it.
The Byakugan is a shinobi jutsu.
Ordinarily, one cannot awaken it
without undergoing intense
training... and a lot of
practice.
you need a lot of training
before you can use the Byakugan.
And to be honest, there's
something that I know better
than anyone else...
you haven't gone through
that kind of training.
When you use your Byakugan,
you'll become aware of this.
It will become completely
apparent. Not only to you...
But also to those around you.
[gasp]
However....
Now, in this situation, I can't
tell if you truly have the power
of the Byakugan or not.
Therefore, let's test it.
Come on outside.
[gasp]
I shall personally be
your opponent!
♪♪
(Hanabi)
The Byakugan is able to see
through virtually any possible
obstacle.
It has almost no blind spots.
It can also see the
flow of chakra.
(Boruto)
The flow of chakra...?
If that's what I saw,
then that means‐!
(Hanabi)
Yes, it's a good eye. But you
have to discipline it more!
(Boruto)
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Proof of Oneself."
I'm just gonna prove this eye is
special, ya know!
♪♪